## Birthday Manager
My project is a simple birthday manager, which is used for storing birthdays in a simple table. The entries include a name, date of birth, and time to be reminded of their birthday. The server calculates an age of the person and displays it in the table along with the user-inputted data. The table also has three options for the data: editing, deletion, and displaying a simple card (will be talked about in the achievements). I used both the grid and flexbox options for CSS for this project to lay out the page with some page-wide borders along with centering the main content. Using the site is quite simple: the forms need to be filled as is stated on the site, and hovering over an entry will show the three options for data manipulation.

Glitch link: https://a2-lukederatzou.glitch.me/

## Technical Achievements
- **Implementing adding, deleting, and editing data**: Implementing data insertion, deletion, and editing. The assignment only required one of those three to be implemented, but I decided to do all three of them. The data insertion is done via the three input entries and hitting submit, the data deletion is done by hovering over a table entry and hitting the "del" button, while the editing is done via clicking the edit button while hovering a data entry and then inputting new values into the fields and hitting save. The data insertion was the main one that I implemented, while the other two were added by doing additional calls to the server when the user used them. It was challenging to get the buttons to work on the hover along with getting the server to get the right data and know what to do with it.
- **Client seeing current state of server**: I implemented a method for the client seeing the current state of the server's data via the table. Whenever a client adds, edits, or deletes a birthday entry, the server is updated along with the client, no page refreshes necessary. This was done by both sending a request to the server and getting a responsse. I also went a step further and made sure that the data was present when the user refreshed the page (and the data was not lost). That being said, the server going down still made the data go away.

### Design/Evaluation Achievements
- **Adding a creative card**: I added a feature that, when clicking on the "card" button when hovering over a data entry, it jumps the user to a card that is displayed. The card shows the name of the entry, along with a little gif and a small message. It uses vibrant colors and a nice cursive font to make it appealing.
- **Testing UI with other student**: I performed one test with another student in the class. Below is the answers to the four questions:
1.) Earnest
2.) Problems that the user had with my design was understanding what to put into the time field and submitting a valid time. When inserting a time, the user thought that the time represented the person's time of birth, when it actually represents the reminder time for the birthady. Also, she tried entering the time with seconds and then as 00:00, both of which were rejected by the validator.
3.) One comment that was made that surprised me was that the user mentioned the placeholder text, which needs to be deleted. She also mentioned that you can edit the age while keeping the birthday the same, along with editing the time to be an invalid format. Finally, she mentioned a bit about the color scheme, specifically making a remark about the blue and pink merging together.
4.) Based on the user's feedback, I would look into editing the time field so it is clear that it is reminder time and not time of birth. I would also add validation checks for editing the table (similar to the ones I had for the fields). 